My name is Skip La Cour; I am a 6-time national
champion, drug-free bodybuilder.
You can learn how to improve your bodybuilding
and training efforts by visiting my websites
skiplacour.com, manformation.com, massmachinenutrition.com.
And today I'm going to talk to you about bodybuilding.
Here are some greats tips to help you get
started with your bodybuilding and training
efforts.
You want to join a gym.
A gym provides a great environment for you
to learn and grow from.
A gym also has a wider variety of machines
and weights for you to choose from.
Consider getting a mentor to help you with
the process.
Invest in a trainer so you don't have to reinvent
the wheel and figure everything out for yourself.
Get yourself a training partner; someone who's
experienced and wouldn't mind helping you
learn the ropes, learn the whole process.
Create structure.
You want to find a routine you can work with
and remember that routine does not have to
be perfect.
Just get started with the process and you
can learn from your experiences and make adjustments
from there.
It's very important that you backup what you
do in the gym with great nutritional habits.
It really doesn't matter if you train like
an animal in the gym and you're very consistent
with your workouts if you don't back that
up with great nutritional habits.
So pay a lot of attention to your eating habits.
Be patient.
When you follow through with your weight training
habits, with your workouts on a consistent
basis, when you follow through with your eating
habits your gains will come when they should
come.
So be patient with the process.
When you do all those things you're going
to enjoy the journey.
When you enjoy the journey there's no doubt
you'll be better at it.
Again, have fun with the process.
Those are some of the basic tips on how to
get started with your bodybuilding and training
efforts.